(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 16)
Why are you taking so many things?
I need everything here.
I'll read while I'm there.
You'll just stay in your hotel room.
You hate moving around.
I'll call the cab.
Are you expecting someone?
No.
Hyun Soo.
Why?
- Goodness. - What?
Oh my gosh.
What is this?
Chef, come in!
Hello.
We're going on a trip today.
I know. I came to help carry the luggage.
The restaurant's not open today?
We're closed until today.
Is this the luggage?
Yes.
Oh wait. This too.
The traffic will get bad soon, so hurry.
Okay.
Oh my gosh! What is this?
What's wrong with you?
I don't know. What's wrong with me?
It's not even happening to me.
This is unfair!
Hyun Soo!
She got on the 7:15 train at Yongsan Station,
so she'll probably be eating lunch at Yeosu around noon.
You're excited.
I haven't been this excited in a while.
Why am I getting excited over someone else's relationship?
It's been a while since I've gone through that crazy love.
Chef, can we play some music?
Of course we can.
Chef, can we turn off the music?
What are you doing?
What do you mean? I'm playing boyfriend-girlfriend.
It's your business, but I'm so jealous.
Hwangbo Kyung!
Hyun Soo doesn't like it when you say things like that.
Hyun Soo isn't the romantic type.
What's wrong with you two?
Your common denominator is me.
You can't team up and tease me.
Then who do we make fun of?
We can't make fun of someone we don't know.
That's right, Chef.
You think I'll let you keep teasing me? Because I will.
Come on.
Chef, can we play some music?
Stop it.
Let's go! Get it on!
Hello.
Oh my, Hong Ah!
My goodness.
This is for you.
What is this?
I thought it'd suit you, so I got it.
Congratulations on getting selected.
It's all because you taught me well.
I hope you've been well.
Of course I'm not well. You must have heard.
Well, yes.
Hyun Soo's been badmouthing me all over town.
I'm too embarrassed to see my seniors.
- Is that so? - She's painting me...
as some incredibly immoral person.
Writers that are biased and just look at her appearance...
believe everything she says.
Do I look like someone who'd team up with a director,
and stab writers on their backs?
You're not that kind of person.
People will know with time.
Right?
You should tell people too.
Won't people trust me more if you say it,
since you spent a long time with Hyun Soo?
This is so embarrassing.
Just because Hyun Soo's been badmouthing you,
I don't think it'll damage your reputation that much.
Who cares if your piece is doing well?
Don't mind it too much.
It's because I'm not doing well.
It's so difficult to get a show.
They prefer younger writers for genre shows.
You're so honest.
That's why I like you.
I'm always the same on the outside and inside.
Anyways, thank you.
You're a good writer, and you have a good disposition.
All that's left for you is to succeed.
Thank you.
Did you say hello to CP Yoo Hong Jin?
- No. - Go say hello.
Now the background you have will make you shine brighter.
Thank you for your advice.
This is why you need a mentor.
Tell Hyun Soo not to badmouth me.
She went to a good school. Why does she know so many people?
Oh my gosh. What is this?
This is our room.
Go in. I'm that way.
See you at the lobby in 30 minutes, Chef.
Okay.
Hyun Soo! Chef On is so great.
He's super great.
- So what? - You're stupid if you let him go.
You think he's that good?
Did you see his eyes? He has stars in his eyes.
I've never seen any guy with stars in his eyes.
I'm giving up on him because it's you.
Stars? Don't be funny.
I tell you. He has stars in his eyes.
Twinkle, twinkle.
(Director Kim Joon Ha)
He just can't stand letting me feel happy.
Do I have to transition from Chef On's face...
to Director Kim Joon Ha's?
Do it.
You're jealous!
No, I'm not.
Yes, Director Kim.
Where are you? I'm here.
I'll be out there in a moment. Hyun Soo's occupied.
Where are you?
Okay.
Hyun Soo checked in. I checked with Writer Hwangbo.
I won't be able to join until dinner.
I have some business to attend to.
I see. No wonder you agreed to come so easily.
You made more work.
What are you going to do?
I'll be with Writer Hwangbo. You do what you want to do.
I'll set up the mood before then.
- Let's go. - Okay.
- You came down already? - Yes.
Hyun Soo is on her way.
I'm going out on my own.
Why?
A director I know came down, so I have to be with him.
He has a weird personality, so he'll ruin the mood if he joins.
I don't mind.
If you can't handle it on your own, call me.
Okay. Have fun with Hyun Soo.
He said he's at the lobby. Where is he?
Where do you want to go first?
Have you been here?
Of course. Yeosu's famous for their marinated crab.
You still remember places by the food.
Then let's go treat our eyes before we get food.
This is nice.
I'm hungry.
You're consistent today.
What do you mean?
You broke the mood.
I thought you'd comment...
on the beautiful sunlight.
How did you decide on coming here with me?
I got bored.
You're attractive when you're honest,
but you just lost your charm.
Love for mankind?
Let's go eat marinated crab.
Marinated crab is the best when you mix it with rice.
You know how to eat it.
What other good eats are here in Yeosu?
It's good.
Put your glasses on.
Aren't people usually more pretty with glasses off?
You look better with them on.
Did I offend you?
Do you feel inferior when people say something like this?
You didn't offend me.
I'll take off and put on my glasses as I please.
I want to take them off right now because of you.
Hey.
Just talk in your accent.
You're trying so hard to talk like a Seoul person. It's sad.
Seriously!
You're right.
I'm trying to talk like a Seoul person...
because everyone can guess where I'm from with the accent.
I want to be mysterious.
You won't become mysterious even without the accent.
Are you buying lunch?
- Yes. - That's why I'm holding back.
I want to focus on the food.
Here.
Don't do such a thing.
I don't want to become friendly with you.
These are the famous rock crevices.
If you pass through all seven of them, your wish will come true.
Don't tell me. Just keep it in your mind.
Have you decided?
I did too. I'll go first.
Be careful. Don't get lost again.
It's impossible to get lost here.
I even drive now. I'm not the old Hyun Soo.
[VIU Ver] E16 Temperature of Love
"I'll be the Bridge to Bring You Two Together"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I only found out after Ms. Park called me.
Why didn't you tell me your father is Yoosung Insurance's CEO?
My cousin works there.
Him being a CEO has nothing to do with me being recognized...
for my work.
You have a clear conscience.
Please take a look at this.
(High Society)
Have you had any offers for a contract?
I'm considering an offer from On Entertainment.
On Entertainment is great. Mr. Park is smart.
Hey, Yi Bok!
Hey.
You can go prepare without me.
I'm going insane because of the script.
I told you it wouldn't be any better with new writers.
You're making it harder for yourself.
It's not too late to call Ms. Lee.
I can't do that...
even if I have to bite my own tongue.
Hello, sir.
Hello.
Her writing was selected for an HNC series.
Is that so? Congratulations.
You used to assist Ms. Lee, right?
Don't you know a lot about "Unruly Detectives" then?
Were you part of the planning?
No, but I know it very well.
Then can you give our writing team some advice?
Are you asking me to join your writers?
Gosh, you're quick.
Why should I board a sinking ship?
Gosh. This is great.
She's so smart with her words. Am I right?
Gosh.
If you board our ship, perhaps it won't sink.
I don't want to.
If this one doesn't fail,
we should work together next time.
Will you still decline?
Wow. It's so nice.
I have to visit the ladies' room.
Be careful. Don't get lost, okay?
Are you kidding me?
I've been here a few times.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
(On Jung Sun)
I could only think about one thing at that point.
I must see Jung Sun.
He's the one I thought of at my desperate moments.
I've never confused you.
Why must I be the only one that assures you?
You keep pushing away the man who loves you for reality's sake.
What am I supposed to rely on to start again?
Then give up on me.
If it's something you can give up on, then do it now.
I have a man whom I love.
I realized it only too late.
I didn't know what love was...
until he disappeared.
That man... Where can I see him now?
You told me you wouldn't get lost.
I'm sorry.
It's my fault.
I messed it all up.
I was acting nonchalant and conceited.
I ignored all the signs you sent me.
I actually meant to call you honey.
Is that important right now?
I have to set things right.
Forget about thinking.
I lost you because I thought about it too much.
So why should I think again?
I thought about it enough times in the last five years.
I love you.
I'm in love with you.
I know.
"You've pushed me away once. Who says you can't do it again?"
"Reality is always tough." These words were so mean.
You got every single word.
How can I tell you I love you when you say that?
How can I admit I only thought about you?
I told you, didn't I?
I'm difficult in other ways.
You did.
Enough talking.
I'll see you next time.
(Yoo Hong Jin)
Yes.
Mr. Park. It's regarding our agreement.
There's a new condition.
What is it?
You know Ji Hong Ah, right? She was Ms. Lee's assistant.
Yes.
We'll fire the two writers currently on the show,
and replace them with Ms. Ji.
Since she was under Ms. Lee, she knows the story well.
At this rate, they'll cut "Unruly Detectives" prematurely.
That will cause a big damage to On Entertainment.
You can get international sales for it either.
Yes.
Where are you?
Are you finished?
Hang up. I'll text you.
Why isn't Hyun Soo here yet?
She'll come when the time comes.
Where is she? Tell her to come back.
Is she with someone?
That's none of your business.
I'll ask her where she is.
Aren't you going to check?
I won't check since I'm with you.
You can do anything you want since you're with me.
(Where are you?)
Where are you?
It's Kyung. Should I tell her to come?
Do you want her to?
We came on the trip together, but I'm the only one having fun.
Do what you want.
No. I'll see her at the hotel.
Hyun Soo went to the Soho Dongdong Bridge.
It'll be like a movie to meet her there.
By the way, why did she go to the bridge alone?
When did I say that she went alone?
Isn't she alone?
No.
She's not with a guy, is she?
It's a guy.
Hey, why didn't you tell me?
You didn't ask me!
(Jung Woo)
What's wrong with him?
(Kim Joon Ha)
Yes, Joon Ha.
Jung Woo, I was wrong. Hyun Soo isn't there.
Come straight to the hotel.
Really?
All right.
You'll come here, right?
No. I'll go visit the bridge...
while I'm here.
(End call)
It's so nice.
- Aren't you cold? - No, I'm fine.
I don't think you're fine.
It's okay even if I'm not fine.
I wish...
time would stop right now.
I have a man that I love.
I didn't know what love was...
until he disappeared.
I want to propose.
When? Who?
I usually make the important decisions on my own.
That woman is so lucky to be such an important person.
Do you really think so?
Yes. You're the best guy there is.